Hey just touching base real quick,

As a business, distinguishing your products with high-quality offerings not only sets you apart, but also lets your customers know that their wellbeing and satisfaction are your top priorities. With this in mind, I’m pleased to introduce you to Natouch – a brand that combines natural ingredients with the innovative efficacy of Western medicine. 

Crafted under the expertise of a licensed Chinese Medicine practitioner, Natouch is at the forefront of innovative skincare solutions that doesn’t just cleanse, but also heals. Our specialty lies in fighting skin-related fungal infections through a holistic approach, ensuring your customers enjoy the benefits of impeccable skin health.

We are proud of our two products:

1) Natouch Antifungal Disinfecting Wipes: 
Ideal for all sports and gym enthusiasts. Designed to cleanse and fight skin fungal infections effectively, it is the perfect addition to any sports or outdoor activity bag. 

View product here.

2) Natouch Refreshing Biodegradable Antifungal Wipes Plus: 
A superior choice for outdoor cleansing. These wipes not only cleanse and soothe the skin after any outdoor activity, but are also environmentally friendly.

View product here.

Top reviews from our satisfied Amazon customers speak volumes about the effectiveness of our products. We believe that your customers will also like our disinfecting wipes. Please check out the reviews for Natouch Antifungal Wipes here and the Antifungal Biodegrable Wipes Plus here.

To demonstrate our confidence in Natouch’s potential in enhancing your product offerings, I am pleased to offer you a no-obligation, complimentary sample of our products for your evaluation. Should you decide to carry our products in your store, we will also offer a generous discount on your initial order. 

We are committed to providing you with our innovative and natural products that will delight your customers. Please feel free to contact me directly to discuss this opportunity further and to arrange for your complimentary samples. 


Best regards, 

Zhou Wan, MD, Ph.D., 
Licensed Chinese Medicine Doctor and Acupuncturist